Docs/update user docs (#264)
secvisogram/secvisogram: docs/user/document/category-usage.en.md

# Category - Usage

> This value sets and should always be the profile name for the CSAF document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value determines the profile name for the CSAF document. It should always be the value of the profile defined in the [specification]().
```
Potentially, link section 4 of the spec at [...](https://docs.oasis-open.org/csaf/csaf/v2.0/csaf-v2.0.html#4-profiles).

Author: like this?
